Rework AD documentation now that everything is automatically handled. Remove mentions to AD listeners, only mention features (#13184)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/agent/autodiscovery.md

### Enable Autodiscovery

> The Agent automatically detects reachable sockets and API Endpoints (Docker, containerd, Kubernetes API, etc.) and activates Autodiscovery for you.
> If Autodiscovery is not working, you can verify the detected features by running `agent status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent not only automatically detects reachable sockets and API endpoints (such as Docker, containerd, and Kubernetes API), but also activates Autodiscovery for you.

If Autodiscovery is not working, verify the detected features by running `agent status`.
```

> In case the automatic detection failed or if you want to deactivate automatically detected features, you can use these configuration parameters in `datadog.yaml` to include/exclude features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the automatic detection failed or you want to deactivate automatically detected features, use these configuration parameters in `datadog.yaml` to include/exclude features:
```

```yaml
autoconfig_exclude_features:
- docker
autoconfig_include_features:
- containerd
```

> The complete list of automatically detected features are available in `datadog.yaml` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The complete list of automatically detected features is available in the `datadog.yaml` template.
```
